#summary Gives more detail about each setting that can be applied to the tool in the tool menu.
#sidebar TableOfContents

----
 * *Paste at original position* - Pastes the duplication at the position it was copied.
 * *Paste with constraints* - Check to paste with constraints, uncheck to paste without constraints.
 * *Paste with parenting* - Check to paste with parenting, uncheck to paste without parenting.
 * *Unfreeze all after paste* - Check to unfreeze all entities after pasting.
 * *Preserve frozen state after paste* - Check to paste entities with their frozen state when they were copied.
 * *Area copy constrained props outside of box* - Copies entities outside of the area copy box that are constrained to entities inside the box.
 * *Percent of ghost to create* - Changes how many ghosts to spawn for the duplication, 100% = spawn all, 50% = spawn half, etc...
 * *Area Copy Size* - Size of the area copy box.
----
==_*Offsets*_==
 * *Height Offset* - Changes the Z height offset of the duplication.
 * *Use World Angles* - Modifys the angles based on the world's angles instead of the entity's.
 * *Pitch Offset* - Changes the pitch angle offset of the duplication.
 * *Yaw Offset* - Changes the Yaw angle offset of the duplication.
 * *Roll Offset* - Changes the Roll angle offset of the duplication.
----
==_*Contraption Spawner*_==
 * *Spawn Delay* - The delay of how fast the contraption spawner can be spawned.
 * *Undo Delay* - The delay to automatically undo the spawned contraptions from the time they were each spawned.
 * *Disable gravity for all spawned props* - Spawns contraptions without gravity.
 * *Disable drag for all spawned props* - Spawns contraptions without drag.
 * *Add spawner's velocity to contraption* - Spawns contraptions with added velocity from the contraption spawner.
----
==_*Area Auto Save*_==
 * *Copy Contraption Only* - Will not copy an area, only the prop that is clicked and everything constrained to it.(So if the prop moves across the map it will still be saved.)
 * *Overwrite File* - Will overwrite the file name each time instead of creating a new file and appending a number.
 * *Browse* - Browse to the directory from the file browser and choose where to save the auto save and what to name it.
----
==_*Map Save*_==
 * *File Name* - What to name the map save.
----